[Music]
welcome to slash forward get ready to
soil your slacks because we're getting
spooky this week with some supernatural
thrillers the first of which is
Annabelle comes home released in 2019
let's get to it
we opened on some hard technical
narration that seems to be trying to tie
up some plot holes from the series by
explaining that Annabelle herself is not
possessed she acts as a conduit for
possession the rules are such that
destroying her would only make things
worse
of course so the Warrens offered to lock
her away secretly hoping she appreciates
in value for some sweet sweet eBay money
on the way home they come upon a recent
accident and offer to help your doctor's
rub them doll aficionado on detour they
roll into a classic alien abduction
scenario Edie prepares to be probed by
seductively leaning over his radiator
but they're surprisingly accosted by
ghosts and trucks instead Laraine
quickly surmises that Annabelle is
actually a beacon for wayward spirits
and mechanical gremlins so when they get
home they quickly bless her and then
lock her in a case made out of glass
from a Cathedral flash-forward one year
will we find Judi getting ready for
school we learned to warns do not enjoy
a positive reputation about town and
they're on their way to another
adventure
leaving Judi in the care of Mary Ellen
her favorite sitter she's hesitant to go
to school which would be cause for
concern but we see that she's being
carefully watched at all times so it's
all good Mary then runs into her friend
at Daniella at the market and a totally
natural and relatable way we quickly
learned that she's the fun one and they
get their flirt on with Bob the dreamy
boy who lives across the street from
Mary Ellen for easy access
then after noon the girls are busy
making birthday treats when Daniela
again imposes herself Indian obnoxious
way she gives Judi an outside toy for
her birthday and suggests they take a
roll around the block while she watches
the cake instead she immediately goes to
get her rocks off in the forbidden room
which she gains entry to when she lets
jesus take the wheel inside she
demonstrates a failure to understand
museum etiquette by touching everything
which is doubly inappropriate inside a
haunted museum we learned that she's
looking for a means to reach her
recently deceased father and the
connection is strong enough to get
Annabelle to call out to her however she
doesn't tarry long as her diversion has
resulted in the fire alarm going off out
at the chicken coop darling Daniella it
was the thing
he's darling dad and I was startling
Daniele stupid yeah
gets reassurance from Judy that her dad
is still out there see she goes to check
it out but declines to tell anyone what
she's up to
even when things start to get spooky
Judy ends up playing a game of
hide-and-seek with Annabelle followed by
a game of earthquake and then murder
wedding
Mary Ellen finds her and she pulls a
sixth sense on her revealing she sees
ghosts everywhere with their goose
pimples on full alert they get
positively titillated going through
ghost files in the office Judi reveals
that the doll in the case is the
spookiest of all and Daniella continues
to say nothing with their spook tanks
now full they transition to a more
wholesome pastime although they barely
get started feeling around in this box
before the doorbell rings it ends up
being Bob in their pizza which is only
mildly spooky and the fellas linger to
get an eyeful of Mary Ellen before
heading out later Judi goes searching
for the channel changer and gets a
glimpse of Annabelle before the lights
cut out she calls out to Alexa for
lights on but gets no response turns out
this was just a birthday surprise which
is followed by a good old-fashioned
wooing from Bob who has trouble finding
his chords and then he's chased by a
werewolf Daniela intends to leave for
the evening still not having told of the
hell she's unleashed she remembers that
she forgot about the keys and sneaks in
the back to return them finding herself
deep in the cabinet of curiosities
messing with various artifacts again
despite her ignorant of what anything is
this eventually flushes out her dad who
seems to be irritated about being dead
Mary Ellen is summoned into the office
by a malfunctioning reel-to-reel and
finds herself in a darkened Hall
following a trail of coins she examines
them intently until she eventually runs
into the ferryman who plays a little leg
tugging game before vanishing she runs
to get Judi but finds the door locked
Judy's inside watching his young
Annabelle goes through demonic
maturation the girls attempt to leave
but find all points of egress blocked
way trap I'm pretty sure you can just
pull those slats off but since they're
stuck they try to call mrs. horn for
help but she just makes sure they know
to feed Annabelle a soul while she's
gone back downstairs we see Daniela is
getting a call and is happy for the
distraction but Judi and Mary Ellen
busting to warn her off
Daniella then admits to releasing
Annabelle from her case and filling the
room as spiritual energy in need of
additional tension Mary has an asthma
attack in the hallway so Judi just runs
right outside to get her inhaler from
the car while Daniela is forced into a
puke swap situation outside Judi meets
the werewolf but Bob steps up to help
and then continues to not run into the
house Mary Ellen gets her puffs in and
they're now
determined to find Annabelle and put her
back in the case to do so Mary Ellen
ventures into the House of Leaves
retrieving Annabelle quickly when they
get back to the case they find
themselves facing down a fully embodied
demon who has the spooky powers of
dropping frames and face-sucking
Judi repels him with a classic move but
then it gets real spooky when everything
happens at once as they finally
reintroduce Annabelle to her case me and
they should just use that Cathedral
glass on everything if it works so well
then Bob runs in to make sure he gets
the sexual currency he earned for
werewolf fighting right as the Warrens
come home later Judy's parents only
party is saved when her besties show up
bringing her school chums with them
having vouched for her not being so much
of a freak show mrs. Warren takes this
opportunity to provide closure for
Daniella giving her a message from Papon
lying to her about death not being
eternal pain and screaming and that was
the conjuring Annabelle's house party if
you enjoyed the video I'd love for you
to become a part of the channel by
subscribing thanks for watching